Axes lesson: change "save worrying" to "stop worrying" in flex-direction note (#30063)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/html_css/flexbox/flexbox-axes.md

We've strayed from the point slightly... We were talking about flex-direction and axes. To bring it back home, the default behavior is `flex-direction: row` which arranges things horizontally. The reason this often works well without changing other details in the CSS is because block-level elements default to the full width of their parent. Changing things to vertical using `flex-direction: column` adds complexity because block-level elements default to the height of their content, and in this case there *is* no content.

> There are situations where the behavior of `flex-direction` could change if you are using a language that is written right-to-left or even vertically, but you should stop worrying about that until you are ready to start making a website in Arabic or Manchu.

Reviewer: I think "stop" here reads awkwardly since it implies the reader is currently worrying about it and they should stop, as opposed to the suggestion below which I think is what you were going for, and is more straightforward English.

```suggestion
There are situations where the behavior of `flex-direction` could change if you are using a language that is written right-to-left or even vertically, but you should not worry about that until you are ready to start making a website in Arabic or Manchu.
```
